DOCSP-41993 Compatibility Table (#126)
mongodb/docs-php-library: source/compatibility.txt

.. _php-compatibility:

=============
Compatibility
=============

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

.. facet::
   :name: genre
   :values: reference

.. meta::
   :keywords: backwards compatibility, versions, upgrade

MongoDB Compatibility
---------------------

> The following compatibility table specifies the recommended version or versions
> of the PHP driver for use with a specific version of MongoDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following compatibility table specifies the recommended version or versions
of the {+php-library+} that you can use with a specific version of MongoDB.
```

> The first column lists the driver version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first column lists the version of the library and extension.
```

.. sharedinclude:: dbx/lifecycle-schedule-callout.rst

.. include:: /includes/mongodb-compatibility-table-php.rst

> For more information on how to read the compatibility tables, see our guide on
> `MongoDB Compatibility Tables <about-driver-compatibility>`__.

Reviewer: S: think link is malformed - I think it is meant to link here: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/drivers/about-compatibility/

so you can change to:
```suggestion
For more information on how to read the compatibility tables, see our guide on
:ref:`MongoDB Compatibility Tables <about-driver-compatibility>`.
```

Language Compatibility
----------------------

> The following compatibility table specifies the recommended version or versions
> of the PHP driver for use with a specific version of PHP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following compatibility table specifies the recommended version or versions
of the {+php-library+} and extension for use with a specific version of PHP.
```

> The first column lists the driver versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first column lists the version of the library and extension.
```

.. include:: /includes/language-compatibility-table-php.rst

.. sharedinclude:: dbx/about-driver-compatibility.rst

For more information on how to read the compatibility tables, see our guide on
`MongoDB Compatibility Tables <about-driver-compatibility>`__.

> 

Reviewer: S: see above comment

How to Get Help
---------------

If you have questions about compatibility, visit the following resources for further guidance:

- Ask questions on our :community-forum:`MongoDB Community Forums <>`.
- Visit our :technical-support:`Support Channels </>`.

> - File an issue or feature request in JIRA under one of the following:
> 
>   - `Extension <https://jira.mongodb.org/projects/PHPC/summary>`_
> 
>   - `Library <https://jira.mongodb.org/projects/PHPLIB/summary>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- File an issue or feature request in our issue tracker JIRA under one of the
  following projects:
  - `PHPC - Extension <https://jira.mongodb.org/projects/PHPC/summary>`__
  - `PHPLIB - Library <https://jira.mongodb.org/projects/PHPLIB/summary>`__
```

Author: Keeping as spacing looks weird without

.. _php-compatibility:

=============
Compatibility
=============

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

.. facet::
   :name: genre
   :values: reference

.. meta::
   :keywords: backwards compatibility, versions, upgrade

MongoDB Compatibility
---------------------

The following compatibility table specifies the recommended version or versions
of the {+php-library+} and extension that you can use with a specific version of MongoDB.

The first column lists the version of the library and extension.

.. sharedinclude:: dbx/lifecycle-schedule-callout.rst

> 

Reviewer: S: Did you remove the compatibility table legend? I think we should add it back here ([reference](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/drivers/go/current/compatibility/#compatibility-table-legend))

.. include:: /includes/mongodb-compatibility-table-php.rst

For more information on how to read the compatibility tables, see our guide on

> `MongoDB Compatibility Tables <https://www.mongodb.com/docs/drivers/about-compatibility/>`__.

Reviewer: S: can we use a `ref` here instead of a hard link?
